
This is an extremely primitive gain/loss calculator
for processing csv files exported from GDAX.
Expected CSV header layout is derived from records made
available as of Feb 2018.

It requires a full history of purchases and sales. -
If a full history is not possible, you may augment your
records by adding new entries for historic
purchases/sales.
Just follow the same format as the existing csv, and 
ensure any historic records have IDs and timestamps
that predate your real records.
(If you purchased your currency via CoinBase or otherwise
deposited it into GDAX from any external source, this is
something you'll have to create additional records to 
represent. NOTE: The Deposit/Withdrawal type records
included by GDAX are not useful for calculating 
gains/losses, and thus, are ignored.)

Eg:
type,time,amount,balance,amount/balance unit,transfer id,trade id,order id
match,2014-01-01T00:00:00.000Z,-200.0,0.0,USD,,1,0
match,2014-01-01T00:00:00.000Z,0.7547,0.0,BTC,,1,0

In the above example, both records share the same ID (1)
because they are both part of the same transaction. They
denote a payment of $200 USD to receive 0.7547 BTC.
For additional fake transactions, further unique IDs are
needed. (ex: 2, 3, 4, ...)

Any transactions found in your records that do not cross
USD will make it more difficult to estimate the 
associated fiot value. This code attempts to improvise
by looking for other transactions in the same currency
that fall nearby in time. Messages about these estimates
are printed to stderr. Use discretion.
(As of Feb 2018, "like kind" rules do not apply to virtual currencies such as BTC.)
Likewise, your fees will be converted to USD as closely as possible.

While attempting to apply a basic FIFO algorithm to your
records, any discrepancies that arise will generate
warnings to stderr. These discrepancies occur when your
records indicate a sale of assets that excede your
indicated holdings. This can be a result of either
missing records, or estimation error from the fiot problem
described above.
Again, use discretion. The more errors you have, the more inaccurate your results will be.

Your output records are printed to stdout, and can be capture via pipe.
Eg: ./runfifo my.csv 2017 > savehere.csv
(This will also make it easier to see any errors being printed during evaluation.)

The sum of all fees for the requested year are included
with the output to stderr. (Not dumped to file in the
above example.)

Output includes the number of 24-hour days between each
acquisition and sale. In theory, these should assist in
determining which items are short or long-term.
This value does not however take midnight boundaries or
leap years into account.
You are responsible for determining if and how these
values may be used for your purposes.

